<English Version>

Android App Privacy Policy

1. Purpose of processing personal information.

The app created by this developer (Kim Min Wook) processes personal information for the following purposes, and does not use it for purposes other than the following purposes.

1) Used for delegation of permissions required by Admob ad library (Google Play Lib) in free apps
2) Using identification information (email, name, profile picture) provided when logging in to Google and Facebook, necessary information is automatically applied when writing


2. Consignment of personal information processing

This developer's app uses Google Firebase to build and service servers and DBs, and use them to log in and authenticate.


3. Rights and obligations of the information subject and how to exercise the rights

As a subject of personal information, users can exercise their personal information protection rights at any time.


4. Create items of personal information to be processed
We process the following personal information items.

1) Used for Admob advertisement.

2) Facebook login, linking to Google Plus

You may access our services through sites such as Facebook Login and Google+ providers (hereinafter “SNS”).
These services provide a sharing option to verify that you are who you are, allowing you to sign up as a member of our company without having to provide specific personal information such as your name, email address, or resume.
We may collect information through the SNS service in accordance with the policies and terms of the SNS. The information we may collect at this time includes the following information.

(1) Name,
(2) User identification number and user name on SNS,
(3) your email address,
(4) Profile picture or its URL.

We do not collect passwords for Facebook or Google+.


5. Destruction of personal information
If you wish to delete the information we receive from Facebook or Google Plus, please contact striver89@gmail.com








<Korean Version>


안드로이드앱 개인정보취급방침



1. 개인정보의 처리 목적. 본 개발자(Kim Min Wook)가 작성한 앱은(는) 다음의 목적을 위하여 개인정보를 처리하고 있으며, 다음의 목적 이외의 용도로는 이용하지 않습니다.

1) 무료 앱에서 Admob 광고 라이브러리(Google Play Lib)가 필요로 하는 권한 위임을 위해 사용
2) 구글 및 페이스북 로그인 시 제공되는 식별 정보(이메일, 이름, 프로필 사진)를 활용해 글 작성시 필요정보가 자동 적용되도록 함 


2. 개인정보처리 위탁 여부

본 개발자의 앱은 구글 파이어베이스를 활용해 서버, DB를 구축해서 서비스하고 있고 이를 활용해 로그인 및 인증 작업을 하고 있습니다.


3. 정보주체의 권리,의무 및 그 행사방법

이용자는 개인정보주체로서 언제든지 개인정보 보호 관련 권리를 행사할 수 있습니다.


4. 처리하는 개인정보의 항목 작성
다음의 개인정보 항목을 처리하고 있습니다.

1) Admob 광고를 위해 사용합니다.

2) 페이스북 로그인, 구글플러스에의 연동
귀하는 페이스북 로그인(Facebook Login), 구글 플러스(Google+) 제공자 같은 사이트(이하 “SNS”) 등을 통하여 당사 서비스에 접속할 수 있습니다. 
이러한 서비스들은 귀하가 본인임을 확인하여 귀하의 이름, 이메일 주소, 이력서 같은 특정 개인 정보를 따로 기입하지 않고 당사 회원으로 가입할 수 있도록 하는 공유 옵션을 제공합니다. 
당사는 해당 SNS의 정책과 약관에 따라 SNS서비스를 통하여 정보를 수집할 수 있습니다. 이때 당사가 수집할 수 있는 정보에는 다음과 같은 정보가 포함됩니다. 
(1) 성명, (2) SNS상의 이용자 식별번호와 이용자명, (3) 이메일 주소, (4) 프로필 사진 또는 그 URL. 당사는 Facebook, Google+ 의 패스워드를 수집하지 않습니다.


5. 개인정보의 파기
페이스북 또는 구글 플러스로부터 당사가 수령하는 정보를 삭제하기 원하는 경우, striver89@gmail.com으로 연락주시기 바랍니다
